..
      Copyright (c) 2016 IBM

      Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may
      not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain
      a copy of the License at

          http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

      Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
      distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
      WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
      License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations
      under the License.

======================
Layer 7 Load Balancing
======================

What is L7 load balancing?
==========================
Layer 7 load balancing takes its name from the OSI model, indicating that the
load balancer distributes requests to back-end pools based on layer 7
(application) data. Layer 7 load balancing is also known as "request
switching," "application load balancing," "content based routing," "content
based switching," and "content based balancing."

A layer 7 load balancer consists of a listener that accepts requests on behalf
of a number of back-end pools and distributes those requests based on policies
that use application data to determine which pools should service any given
request. This allows for the application infrastructure to be specifically
tuned/optimized to serve specific types of content. For example, one group of
back-end servers (pool) can be tuned to serve only images, another for
execution of server-side scripting languages like PHP and ASP, and another for
static content such as HTML, CSS, and JavaScript.

Unlike lower-level load balancing, layer 7 load balancing does not require that
all pools behind the load balancing service have the same content. In fact, it
is generally expected that a layer 7 load balancer expects the back-end servers
from different pools will have different content. Layer 7 load balancers are
capable of directing requests based on URI, host, HTTP headers, and other data
in the application message.


L7 load balancing in Octavia
----------------------------
The layer 7 load balancing capabilities described in this document were added
to Neutron LBaaS and Octavia in the Mitaka release cycle (Octavia 0.8).

While layer 7 load balancing in general can theoretically be done for any
well-defined layer 7 application interface, for the purposes of Octavia, L7
functionality refers only to the HTTP protocol and its semantics.


How does it work?
=================
Neutron LBaaS and Octavia accomplish the logic of layer 7 load balancing
through the use of L7 Rules and L7 Policies. An L7 Rule is a single, simple
logical test which evaluates to true or false. An L7 Policy is a collection of
L7 rules, as well as a defined action that should be taken if all the rules
associated with the policy match.

These concepts and their specific details are expanded upon below.


L7 Rules
--------
An L7 Rule is a single, simple logical test which returns either true or false.
It consists of a rule type, a comparison type, a value, and an optional key
that gets used depending on the rule type. An L7 rule must always be associated
with an L7 policy.

See also: `Octavia API Reference <https://developer.openstack.org/api-ref/load-balancer/>`_

Rule types
__________
L7 rules have the following types:

* ``HOST_NAME``: The rule does a comparison between the HTTP/1.1 hostname in
  the request against the value parameter in the rule.
* ``PATH``: The rule compares the path portion of the HTTP URI against the
  value parameter in the rule.
* ``FILE_TYPE``: The rule compares the last portion of the URI against the
  value parameter in the rule. (eg. "txt", "jpg", etc.)
* ``HEADER``: The rule looks for a header defined in the key parameter and
  compares it against the value parameter in the rule.
* ``COOKIE``: The rule looks for a cookie named by the key parameter and
  compares it against the value parameter in the rule.

Comparison types
________________
L7 rules of a given type always do comparisons. The types of comparisons we
support are listed below. Note that not all rule types support all comparison
types:

* ``REGEX``: Perl type regular expression matching
* ``STARTS_WITH``: String starts with
* ``ENDS_WITH``: String ends with
* ``CONTAINS``: String contains
* ``EQUAL_TO``: String is equal to

Invert
______
In order to more fully express the logic required by some policies, rules may
have their result inverted. That is to say, if the invert parameter of a given
rule is true, the result of its comparison will be inverted. (For example, an
inverted "equal to" rule effectively becomes a "not equal to", and an inverted
"regex" rule returns true only if the given regex does not match.)


L7 Policies
-----------
An L7 Policy is a collection of L7 rules associated with a Listener, and which
may also have an association to a back-end pool. Policies describe actions that
should be taken by the load balancing software if all of the rules in the
policy return true.

See also: `Octavia API Reference <https://developer.openstack.org/api-ref/load-balancer/>`_

Policy Logic
____________
Policy logic is very simple: All the rules associated with a given policy are
logically ANDed together. A request must match all the policy's rules to match
the policy.

If you need to express a logical OR operation between rules, then do this by
creating multiple policies with the same action (or, possibly, by making a more
elaborate regular expression).

Policy Actions
______________
If an L7 policy matches a given request, then that policy's action is executed.
The following are the actions an L7 Policy may take:

* ``REJECT``: The request is denied with an appropriate response code, and not
  forwarded on to any back-end pool.
* ``REDIRECT_TO_URL``: The request is sent an HTTP redirect to the URL defined
  in the ``redirect_url`` parameter.
* ``REDIRECT_TO_POOL``: The request is forwarded to the back-end pool
  associated with the L7 policy.

Policy Position
_______________
When multiple L7 Policies are associated with a listener, then the policies'
``position`` parameter becomes important. The ``position`` parameter is used
when determining the order in which L7 policies are evaluated. Here are a few
notes about how policy position affects listener behavior:

* In the reference implementation (haproxy amphorae) of Octavia, haproxy
  enforces the following ordering regarding policy actions:

  * ``REJECT`` policies take precedence over all other policies.
  * ``REDIRECT_TO_URL`` policies take precedence over ``REDIRECT_TO_POOL``
    policies.
  * ``REDIRECT_TO_POOL`` policies are only evaluated after all of the above,
    and in the order specified by the ``position`` of the policy.

* L7 Policies are evaluated in a specific order (as defined by the ``position``
  attribute), and the first policy that matches a given request will be the one
  whose action is followed.
* If no policy matches a given request, then the request is routed to the
  listener's default pool ,if it exists. If the listener has no default pool,
  then an error 503 is returned.
* Policy position numbering starts with 1.
* If a new policy is created with a position that matches that of an existing
  policy, then the new policy is inserted at the given position.
* If a new policy is created without specifying a position, or specifying a
  position that is greater than the number of policies already in the list, the
  new policy will just be appended to the list.
* When policies are inserted, deleted, or appended to the list, the policy
  position values are re-ordered from 1 without skipping numbers. For example,
  if policy A, B, and C have position values of 1, 2 and 3 respectively, if you
  delete policy B from the list, policy C's position becomes 2.


L7 usage examples
=================
For a cookbook of common L7 usage examples, please see the :doc:`l7-cookbook`


Useful links
============
* `Octavia API Reference <https://developer.openstack.org/api-ref/load-balancer/>`_
* `LBaaS Layer 7 rules <https://github.com/openstack/neutron-specs/blob/master/specs/mitaka/lbaas-l7-rules.rst>`_
* `Using ACLs and fetching samples <http://cbonte.github.io/haproxy-dconv/1.6/configuration.html#7>`_
